There was Dragon Sword Absolute Sword 20 years ago
Our fathers carried the dreams of being lonely at that time
In front of the Taoist temple
Kneel down
I've only been waiting for you for 19 years
Your Kirin Covenant
Help us out of trouble
Shake on now
Thriving
And what we should be doing is giving back.
Be grateful
Instead of reversing past kindness here
Trample on the dignity of the benefactor
Fu Wanqing, don't act in a threatening manner here
Back then, my grandfather Ye Jiazhi and Gu Jiazhi were all in the county seat
They are all bitches
Don't they know
What a funny unicorn covenant
It's a scam.
Now I have reached a consensus
You are the only one who is rich and the people are stubborn, stupid
Brother Zhang is right
My grandfather's house is under the influence of Qingmei
About to enter the land of princes and generals
Over the years, he has made great achievements in the battlefield
I always rely on my own hands
It's not the luck of breaking the unicorn.
Door of Anger
I think it's about your grandfather and some friends
I advise you
Don't rule over clean service and get the marriage out
Otherwise, I only need one sentence for the eight great families.
I can give you a purpose
Go to the end of the road
If there is any trick, just point it out
If I take a step back
I don't believe in fate
Don't worry, as long as I'm here today.
They can't do anything to you
I never imagined that there is such an emphasis on love and righteousness in the nine homes
Then what I've been through for the past 20 years
Think of a way not so good
Since you are so ignorant
Ladies and gentlemen, we join forces at the first level
Practice the wooden armor harem unicorn first
Let him taste the consequences of self-righteousness